# SNHU-CS470

Reflection

  From the beginning of this course, I have learned a lot. I have learned what Docker is and how it is used. I learned about docker compose and how it can run multiple pieces from an application using one file. I also learned to migrate my files from local storage to an AWS S3 bucket. When everything was migrated over the integration of backend and frontend, utilizing AWS services became my next step. All of this became new skills I’d be able to use in my future career. AWS brought with it knowledge that I could and that I know can be a valuable tool for my career field. My strengths that help me reach my professional goals include the willingness to learn and master new skills on top of what I already know. I’m also very be with communication and will reach out if I don’t understand something. I’m prepared to become a team player as part of my future career. 

  Using what I have learned about serverless cloud services, I could utilize different services. In this case, I learned a lot about AWS services and would probably prioritize using them. That being said, many security measures are already integrated into it. Using them also has other advantages, including auto-scalability and pay-as-you-go services. With auto-scalability and pay-as-you-go, the final costs can vary. A user would only pay for the resources they use, so it does end up cheaper than a physical piece of hardware, but no exact price will be known until the end. All the previous mention shows the pros to using serverless, but the cons would be that it would be a bit slower than physical direct connections and that it requires the internet.
